Not us.
It's the three of us
You run away and take me with you
Don't you feel dragged down?
Want to run tonight is the best chance
Yeah don't hesitate anymore
If you want to run away, tonight is the best chance
Once we're out
I can contact my colleagues outside to pick us up
Guaranteed to be foolproof
What about the two children?
Aren't you looking for them?
I searched the whole place.
It's none of their business
Let's live first
All right. I'll come with you.
Take care of him for me
The guards outside are all locals
I'll check it out and be back soon.
Pay attention to safety and security
Be careful!
Save Luna when the time comes
This news should be a hot search for several days
This time the position of director should be mine
Sister Wang
Mengmeng
Is there something you're not telling me?
I heard Luna was missing
I came out to look for it
What Luna is missing is
How did you know about me?
Let's go. Let me show you something